Update #608 (#785)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business/access-resources.md

To learn more, see [Introduction to device management in Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/device-management-introduction).
The steps are also summarized in the following sections.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This procedure is only for OAuth and NTLM and Kerberos is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This procedure is only applicable to OAuth and NTLM. Kerberos is not supported.
```
